Zethana, The Favored One, ruled the Grand Ketameri Dominon with ruthless zeal for one hundred seventy-four years, through the dark arts at the top of her dark black obsidian tower stared at the world with her All-Seeing-Eye. She while there was a lot to found in her dominion, she became jealous of the other kingdoms. After an tragic event that broken her heart all peace was lost from her. She turned to war and battle sending vast armies to try and conquer the rest of the world. When one of her rank and number would fell she would raise them up undead. The horror of the undead hoards necessitated the End of The First World a great cataclysmic flood. After the waters receded it was decided that magic was good no more. It was decided all those who practiced magic would be deserving of death less the world risks again such unnatural violence. The practician would be excluded from all memory just like The Favored One and her wicked dominion. Fear the day of the year thirteen three thirty seven for around that day The Favored One shall from her watery grave, rise again and once again try to conqueror the world, while hiding behind the back of a champion acting like a peaceful emissary. Take notice for all this time we have been the fiddle that The Favored One has been playing from the dark hidden cold watery depths like a master violinist. Many evils have been committed by the ear whispering words of her wicked suggestions and commands. In the last time the whole world was fighting one could have noticed that she tipped her hand, if one was paying attention, to the crazed man who started the fight, and knew what to look for. Sanchis Seis didn't lie, for Thoth's old home to the far west had more power than even Rome. Taloketamerikhan, to many, was once the home of "the gods" and in the back of every ones mind the Dominon in a small way and intangible way still exists. While Dominion holds no land but it does have a hold on many minds and hearts. Fret not for this state of affairs will not transpire for much more longer for The True Sky Lord, not The one that is The Favored One's shadow, but The One True King, will come down and smite the very evil that has long plagued this world. And for a thousand years there be peace and then The Favored One will fight once more and then be knocked down for the third and final time. And on that day it can be said: As in the beginning so shall it be in the end. The Universe Was, then the Universe was not, and the Universe now is again. On a day after that day if on none other I shall finally find the love of my life. The good thing for all who live on that day is that none shall remember this world, and The Favored One who was the evil that haunted it, no more. After about fourteen millenia from uttering of yehi or, peace shall reign forever, for the great horror of the rightous shall be no more. twelve of twelve thousand are number of the remnant, twelve of twelve thousand are the number of years of terror. It shall be no more in ****** ****** *****. (Don't ask. For it is a sacred secret.)